README.md, before:

# osu-cs-class-explorer

Wondering how hard your next class might be? Did other students think CS162 was a bloodbath, too? This app can tell you!

The [OSU eCampus subreddit](https://www.reddit.com/r/OSUOnlineCS/) collects course reviews from real students into [this spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1MFBGJbOXVjtThgj5b6K0rv9xdsC1M2GQ0pJVB-8YCeU/edit#gid=2042942971), but the spreadsheet is large and hard to navigate. This app lets you view individual course reviews and aggregates difficulty ratings and time spent.

This project was generated with the [Angular Full-Stack Generator](https://github.com/DaftMonk/generator-angular-fullstack) version 4.2.2.


![OSU Course Explorer - November 2017](screenshots/osu-cs-course-explorer-november-2017.png "Screenshot of app taken November 2017")

# Development

## Prerequisites

- [Git](https://git-scm.com/)
- [Node.js and npm](nodejs.org) Node >= 4.x.x, npm >= 2.x.x
- [Gulp](http://gulpjs.com/) (`npm install --global gulp`)

### Developing

1. Run `npm install` to install server dependencies.

2. Run `gulp serve` to start the development server. It should automatically open the client in your browser when ready.

## Build & development

Run `gulp build` for building and `gulp serve` for preview on localhost:3000

Run `gulp buildcontrol:heroku to deploy to Heroku`

## Testing

Running `npm test` will run the unit tests with karma.

Commit message:

README: Massage title, correct instructions, add copyright.
Combine the Development and Build and Development into one section.
Fix the markup for the deployment command.
Make the instruction verb tense consistent.
Add copyright for M Grant.

README.md, after:

# OSU CS Course Explorer

Wondering how hard your next class might be? Did other students think CS162 was a bloodbath, too? This app can tell you!

The [OSU eCampus subreddit](https://www.reddit.com/r/OSUOnlineCS/) collects course reviews from real students into [this spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1MFBGJbOXVjtThgj5b6K0rv9xdsC1M2GQ0pJVB-8YCeU/edit#gid=2042942971), but the spreadsheet is large and hard to navigate. This app lets you view individual course reviews and aggregates difficulty ratings and time spent.

This project was generated with the [Angular Full-Stack Generator](https://github.com/DaftMonk/generator-angular-fullstack) version 4.2.2.


![OSU Course Explorer - November 2017](screenshots/osu-cs-course-explorer-november-2017.png "Screenshot of app taken November 2017")

# Development

## Prerequisites

- [Git](https://git-scm.com/)
- [Node.js and npm](nodejs.org) Node >= 4.x.x, npm >= 2.x.x
- [Gulp](http://gulpjs.com/) (`npm install --global gulp-cli`)

## Building & Running

Run `npm install` to install server dependencies.

Run `gulp build` for building and `gulp serve` for preview on localhost:3000.

Run `gulp buildcontrol:heroku` to deploy to Heroku.

## Testing

Run `npm test` to run the unit tests with karma.

&copy; 2017 Mandi Grant
